README.md, before:

# IDNA-UTS #46 in JavaScript

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/idna-uts46-hx.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/idna-uts46-hx)
[![node](https://img.shields.io/node/v/idna-uts46-hx.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/idna-uts46-hx)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
[![build](https://travis-ci.com/hexonet/idna-uts46.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/hexonet/idna-uts46)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![PRs welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/hexonet/idna-uts46/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

This module is a IDNA UTS46 connector library for javascript.
This is a maintained fork of the idna-uts46 library originally written by jcranmer then forked by hexonet.

The [JS Punycode converter library](https://github.com/bestiejs/punycode.js/) is
a great tool for handling Unicode domain names, but it only implements the
Punycode encoding of domain labels, not the full IDNA algorithm. In simple
cases, a mere conversion to lowercase text before input would seem sufficient,
but the real mapping for strings is far more complex. This library implements
the full mapping for these strings, as defined by
[UTS #46](http://unicode.org/reports/tr46/).

## Resources

- [Documentation](https://centralnic-reseller.github.io/centralnic-reseller/docs/hexonet/idna-uts46/)
- [Release Notes](https://github.com/hexonet/idna-uts46/releases)

## License

MIT

Commit message:

🤓 Replace python with node build script - compress output (#6)
* init node build script

* fix pep8 lint path

* partial file parse support

* more building progress

* so far so good

* still equal

* almost got mem filtering ordering

* more writing progress

* writing idna map but out of order

* writing invalid file

* fix trailing comma

* make build file typescript

* full ts

* remove python sorting

* remove sorting on python mapStr

* Escaping special characters correctly

* remove ordering from pythong

* Fully fix node build script

* Update all

* Refactor cleanup

* Remove gulp and python

* fix test import paths

* rollup

* eslint setup

* eslint older version

* older mocha

* revert mocha

* more version and build fixes

* terser

* export in idna map

* move longer numbers to show letter vars in blockIdxes

* great progress on compressing!

* fix blocks

* Really compressed

* Replace "Uint32Array" with "a"

* rollup plugin bundlesize

* Print bundle size at build

* improve readme

* 32.27kb

* 32.12kb

* build and prettier properly in husky

* esbuild dev dep

README.md, after:

# IDNA-UTS #46 in JavaScript

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/idna-uts46-hx.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/idna-uts46-hx)
[![node](https://img.shields.io/node/v/idna-uts46-hx.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/idna-uts46-hx)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![PRs welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/dawsbot/idna-uts46/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

```js
import { convert, toAscii, toUnicode } from '@dawsbot/idna-uts46';
```

On the web

```html

```

This module is a IDNA UTS46 connector library for javascript.
This is a maintained fork of the idna-uts46 library originally written by jcranmer then forked by dawsbot.

The [JS Punycode converter library](https://github.com/bestiejs/punycode.js/) is
a great tool for handling Unicode domain names, but it only implements the
Punycode encoding of domain labels, not the full IDNA algorithm. In simple
cases, a mere conversion to lowercase text before input would seem sufficient,
but the real mapping for strings is far more complex. This library implements
the full mapping for these strings, as defined by
[UTS #46](http://unicode.org/reports/tr46/).

## Resources

- [Release Notes](https://github.com/dawsbot/idna-uts46/releases)

## License

MIT
